The following rules are based on a non time-restricted context, where the person has plenty of time available that can be disposed to the studying of any subject of his interest.

1. It is mandatory to understand the total volumen of the subject to be studied. There is no need to know the billing of all the sub-subjects on a perfection level, but it is necessary to attempt measuring the totality of work that will be required. 
2. Do not rush. 80% of your grade will be determined by the 20% of what you've studied, but the 80% left is essential to fully understand that 20%. There is no point to understand the 50% of a subject if that doesn't allow you to complete one exercise of the exam. That's why it is necessary to fully understand the subject in order to follow with the next one
3. Every subject must be studied in, at least, two different days. The first time you will probably remember the bases of the subject and, maybe, other non-elemental information. On the second try, you will know what are the topics that your couldn't remember on your first try, you will also know the topics that you lack the most. This new information will give you the necessary to put more emphasis in those topics. 
4. Do not start with the exercises before you finish with the theory. Rushing to do exercise will not provide anything apart from mental exhaustion and frustration from not been able to fully understand what you are actually doing. 
5. Avoid skipping the topic that you couldn't understand to it's fully potential. This ir related to the first rule. That 20% that you couldn't understand will be what the exam will be about. 